the woman who alleges that former vice
president and apparent Democratic
presidential nominee Joe Biden's
sexually assaulted her in 1993 when she
was his Senate aide is talking to NBC
News about the complaint she says she
filed 27 years ago
NBC's ally Vitali is in Washington with
more on that Ally good morning good
morning Willie it's a complex story
that's getting even more so with
questions about now if there is
documentation for this complaint Reid
says she filed this morning this search
for a paper trail Tara Reid a former
Biden staffer accusing the former VP of
sexual assault so she filed a complaint
with a Senate personnel office in 1993
that complaint regarding sexual
harassment she says she experienced
while working for Biden not sexual
assault Biden unequivocally denied the
allegation in exclusive interviews on
MSNBC I'm saying unequivocally it never
happened period I don't remember any
type of complaint she was 27 years ago
in a text message on Saturday Reid told
NBC News she's not sure what explicit
words she might have used in the
complaint she says she filed Reid
telling The Associated Press quote I
know that I was too scared to write
about the sexual assault at issue now
where Reid's apparent complaint might be
the National Archives telling NBC News
the Senate controls those files Biden
instructing the Senate to find and
release them if they exist still some
calling for Biden to open up the trove
of documents from his time in the Senate
stored at the University of Delaware the
University says those will remain sealed
until after Biden leaves public life
meanwhile former aides to President
Barack Obama coming to Biden's defense
some pointing out that no evidence of
such allegations was uncovered as part
of the rigorous vetting process Biden
went through to be chosen for the 2008
ticket
Willie we've now heard from the former
vice president on this the question now
is when will hear next from Tara Reid on
camera she tells me she's received
threats and wants to deal with her own
security before doing any kind of
sit-down interview Willie
yes you had once can't scheduled for
this morning and then cancelled a tally
of Italian Washington Ali thank you very
much
you